---
layout: post
title: 2019 Review & 2020 Thoughts
date: 2020-04-27 08:30:00 -0700
categories: personal
---

# 2019
2019 was one of the best years of my life.

I am hesitant to say the best, because I don't remember my childhood years that well, but it could have been the best.

Here are the changes I made in 2019 that made it great.

- Quit drinking
- Asked myself what I really wanted
- Worked hard on self-control

Quitting drinking took a bunch of other bad habits with it. It and many other things were time sucks and distractions so I wouldn't have to ask myself what I was doing with my life. Without them I couldn't escape the question, so the only option left was to embrace it.

I decided I really want to be an entrepreneur. I think I have always known this, but it is a lot of work, and I was avoiding it.

I started a side project while working at Chatham called Open Life as my foray into entrepreneurship.

Self control (my best attempts at it) allowed me to work on it and work at Chatham. I found I had to be disciplined in a lot of areas to keep from giving up or burning out.

I decided I wanted to change jobs around December, and started looking. I got accepted to a program called TripleByte which I was psyched about.

That was about it for 2019.

# 2020

2020 started with job interviews in San Francisco.

The plan wasn't to move to San Francisco, but that's where all the offers were. Anna and I talked about it and decided I should go for it.

I ended up taking a job at a small startup called VoiceOps in downtown San Fran. I love it there.

I have stopped working on Open Life. My new goal is to start my own company in Silicon Valley. I met someone awesome on the internet and we are going to build something cool together.

I also finally quit caffeine this year. I feel amazing without it!

2020 started with job interviews in San Francisco and I was psyched.

The plan wasn't to move to San Francisco, but that's where all the offers were. Anna and I talked about it and decided I should go for it.

I ended up taking a job at a small startup called VoiceOps in downtown San Fran. I love it there.

I have stopped working on Open Life. My new goal is to start my own company in Silicon Valley. I met someone awesome on the internet and we are going to build something cool together.

I also finally quit caffeine this year. I feel amazing without it!

That's the end of my rambling. 2020 goals below if you are interested. Thanks for reading!

### 2020 Goals
- Read 20 books
- Run a half marathon
- Write 12 times. (Only 11 to go now lol)